[ENH] Add script to extract SNOMED diagnosis or assessment terms (#1)
neurobagel/vocab-handling: README.md

# vocab-handling
Code for processing external vocabularies for Neurobagel

## Preparation

Before you can start extracting the terms we use from existing
vocabularies, you first have to obtain the vocabulary files.
The easiest way we have found so far to do this is to 

1. Make an account on https://athena.ohdsi.org/search-terms/start

> 2. Naviage to https://athena.ohdsi.org/vocabulary/list and select the vocabularies you want to download

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to https://athena.ohdsi.org/vocabulary/list and select the vocabularies you want to download
   - In the download window, provide an alias for your selected vocab collection under "name bundle"
```

since this was something that tripped me up when I tried to redownload SNOMED :)
